# Mod 4: React Project

For this react project, I'm creating a very simple fruity market app. The goal for this app is to have public user to create a list of market that provides info of what the market is and creating a list of fruits that the market provides & and create a reviev for that spacific market.

The annoying part for this project was trying to get react tool to install on the console. I've been trying trying to install all the requirements to make the react to work, but it only keeps giving an error on my console and it wasn't working. I went to the web called ''https://reactjs.org/" where ther provide a tutorial about how to start react js. It turns out that my node JS was not up to date thats why it's not installing react properly.

Both React & Redux is a lot to take in. React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces to create a single page application. React also provides JSX wich makes the coding program more easier to organized. Also, JSX allows you to build both react and html together in one file. React is a little bit similar to javascript because you always are using debuggers and console.log to find where your data is going to and you will be connecting to rails backend data as well using fetch in redux. To make the app work, you must run both react and rails to make it work. Note, when you launch react, it wil launch 'localhost:3000' try to change it to 'localhost:3001' bcause it's going to wind up connecting to the rails backend. To make this work, you can go to your react project and look for the file called 'package.json'. Once you in the file, go to 'scripts' and go to start and type '"PORT=3001 react-scripts start", this will allow react to launch 'localhost:3001' automaticly without any conflicts.